# Standard Dataset Release Utility Rates
The ResStock workflow is able to accept a limited range of utility rate inputs and output the corresponding utility bills. The inputs available are fixed charges and volumetric rates for each modeled fuel (typically electricity, natural gas, propane, and fuel oil). These can vary by any one housing characteristic, such as State. Multiple scenarios may be specified. For the list of utility bill outputs.

The ResStock approach for utility rates for electricity and natural gas is to use a single scenario, using both a flat charge and a per-consumption charge. Data was downloaded from [NREL's Utility Rate Database](https://openei.org/wiki/Utility_Rate_Database) to calculate the customer-weighted average fixed monthly electricity charge across all utilities in the database, which comes out to approximately \$10/customer/month or \$120/customer/year. For natural gas, ResStock use the American Gas Association's 2015 value of \$11.25/customer/month for the fixed portion of the utility bill (generally referred to as the "customer charge"). ResStock additionally use EIA state-level information on revenue, sales, and number of customers to calculate the average per-consumption electricity and natural gas rate for each state with the fixed charges removed. The total electricity and natural gas bills for each housing unit model sample are then calculated by summing the flat charge and the product of the per-consumption charge and the total consumption. For example, this process may result in a flat charge of \$120/year and a per-consumption electricity rate of \$0.20/kWh---for a housing unit with a full year electricity consumption of 3000 kWh, the total electricity bill would be \$120 + (3,000 kWh * \$0.20/kWh) = \$720. If a housing unit has uses no natural gas for the year, the flat charge is not included as it is presumed not to have natural gas service. 

The ResStock approach for utility rates for propane and fuel oil is to use a single scenario using weekly volumetric rate data from the EIA, averaged over a year (either a calendar year or a winter). When state-level data are not available, ResStock uses data from the state's Petroleum Administration for Defense Districts (PADD) region. When PADD region data are not available, ResStock use U.S. national average values. Then calculate propane and fuel oil bills are calculated by multiplying the fuel consumption for each housing unit model by the volumetric rate for that fuel and state. An example of this is in [ResStock dataset 2024 Release 1](https://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy24osti/88109.pdf).

ResStock does not currently commonly model other on-site fuel use in ResStock, such as on-site use of wood or coal, or district steam, and ResStock does not have a common approach for calculating associated bills.
